Create ui-c8y-1021-49-7-remove-copy-dashboard-button-for-device-info-dashboards-8434-graft-release.md (#3054)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-49-7-remove-copy-dashboard-button-for-device-info-dashboards-8434-graft-release.md

---
date: ""

> title: Remove copy dashboard button for device-info dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Removal of Disabled "Copy Dashboard" Button in Device Info-Tab
```

> title: Removed disabled "Copy Dashboard" button from dashboards 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Removed disabled "Copy dashboard" button from dashboards 
```

> title: Removal of Disabled "Copy Dashboard" Button in Device Info-Tab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Removed disabled "Copy Dashboard" button from dashboards 
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4405
version: 1021.49.7
---

> remove copy dashboard button for device-info dashboards (#8434) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8467)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the user experience by removing redundant or non-functional elements in the UI, the "Copy Dashboard" button has been removed from dashboards in the Device Info-Tab, where it was previously disabled and offered no functional benefit. The "Copy Dashboard" button will still be available and functional for other types of dashboards.
```

> To improve the user experience by removing redundant or non-functional elements in the UI, the "Copy Dashboard" button has been removed from dashboards in the Device Info-Tab, where it was previously disabled and offered no functional benefit. The "Copy Dashboard" button will still be available and functional for other types of dashboards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To improve the user experience by removing redundant or non-functional elements in the UI, the **Copy dashboard** button has been removed from dashboards in the **Info** tab in the device details, where it was previously disabled and offered no functional benefit. The **Copy dashboard** button will still be available and functional for other types of dashboards.
```
